#person #caravan #PC

Ask any decent soul in the Shadow District of [[Magnimar]], and they’ll tell you the tale of a girl that doesn’t exist. They’ll speak well of her mother, a wanderlusting foreigner-turned-pathfinder with fables for every fireplace. They’ll share theories of her father, a lost soul of Tian Xia, and wonder on what foul or unspeakable fate kept him so absent from his migratory kin. They’ll tell you Noe— bright-eyed and prone to mischief—would never amount to much for her trouble, and that her keen eyes and boundless athleticism were wasted, or else doomed to adventure. They’d tell you of how Mother Icemark and her daughter were culturally strange, set in their northern ways, and yet so obviously among the kindest people Magnimar would ever know. And they’d be wrong. As the third daughter of seven children, and a bastard besides, proper rites should have seen the girl killed in the crib for the sin of existing; being both an unwanted child and a living reminder of her Tian-born father’s blatant infidelity. Yet this was not to be, for the patriarch not only permitted her life, but legitimised it; and her mother [[Kireama]]—little more than a favoured thug among [[Kalsgard]]’s [[Frozen Shadows]]—never dared to explain why. Her father gave her the name Hatsuyuki, to mark the first snows of a horrid winter as they fell upon the Linnorm King capital, and it was her siblings— all more than ten years her senior—who would dominate her first decade of life. From some she learned her letters, how to walk and dress and clamber about the frost-slick streets of [[Kalsgard]]. And from others, the skill to palm a knife, and where to put it when caught. In those early days, family acquaintances filled the rest, and between fistfuls of [[Ulfen]] cousins and her family’s supposed ‘blood-brothers’, Hatsuyuki learned the tongues of lands both near and far, and how to thrive in the ice and cold and violence of their shared city.
By design, most all those she held dear were vibrant, brilliant inheritors to legacies of clinical skullduggery—mercenaries, con artists, vindictive skalds—or else those who drew small smiles at their neighbours’ notion of pride and principles even as they stole the coins from their purses and the light from their eyes. Though only a child, Hatsuyuki seemed destined for a life of much the same, possessing all the hallmarks of a natural-born
thief, liar, and blade.At the height of her ninth winter, circumstances 
changed. Her father was drawn back to the 'Old World’ of distant Tian Xia, and little love survived in the subsequent familial feud over his wealth of responsibilities. Seeking no part of their insufferable squabbles, Hatsuyuki’s mother removed them both from the equation, stripping their names and spiriting away to the far southern coasts of Varisia. Thus did Naoto no Hatsuyuki become [[Noe Icemark]]—born of two distant heritages, beholden to neither, and ever-reminded that it was not compassion that prevente Kireama from slaying her daughter; but practicality. As a potential resource, Kimandatsu simply did not authorise her death—and Kireama was not fool enough to invite her own. Since then, Noe’s life has been one of constant duplicity; playing the part of a once-adventurer’s child, and then as an adventurer herself, all the while performing acts of violent subterfuge in the name of a Clan whose origins she scarcely understands. When a friendly rivalry with a [[crimson cultist]] of [[Father Skinsaw]] threatened to undo not only her own identity, but that of her own mother, [[Kireama]] promptly beat her daughter to within an inch of death and had her unconscious body thrown on a boat bound for [[Riddleport]]. There, Noe awoke with orders demanding an arduous march north for the brittle husk of Brinewall village, where she would rot in its long-dead shadows, study and meditate on its ruination, and from its whispers reclaim some sense of purpose and discipline—or else find herself a welcome grave. 