---
Alias: a letter
---

My son [[Lonjiku Kaijitsu]], My heir. You know now that I have kept secrets from you. You were always a perceptive son, and while you may not understand my reasons for secrecy, I hope that you realize it was necessary. Know that I was not angry with you for opening the [[Warding Box]]--I was angry with myself for witholding the truth from you and forcing you to seek out what I should have given you. The words I spoke to you were from anger with myself, and it shames me to think of them now. I write this note as an apology, and to beg you to leave these secrets to history.
The next few days will be the most important I have faced in many years. If our Family's enemies have, as I hope, forgotten us, I shall reunite with you and your wife and your mother and I shall reveal the truth to you. But if they still seek the contents of the [[Warding Box]], I fear that I may not speak to you again. The box holds our family's greatest treasure ( [[Amatatsu Seal]] ), so I have returned it to [[Andril Kortun]]'s' care, and it shall remain hidden in the secret [[Third Vault]] under [[Brinewall keep]]--obscured from our enemies. I hope and pray. I will not grant our foes the satisfaction of killing me themselves--if it comes to it, let my death, by my own hand, be my final act to protect you, so that our enemies believe our line ended.
I have instructed [[Tsutamu]] to keep this letter from you, delivering it to you only should I fail to return as I hope to. If I can, I will reveal all to you myself. If I cannot, this final missive from father to a son must suffice as an apology in place of an explanation, and you must destroy this letter, flee to the south, and never return to [[Brinewall Village|Brinewall]]. If our enemies find what I have hidden, there will be nothing here for you. If they do not, they will lie in wait forever for your return
I Hope to see you again soon, my son. But my heart tells me I will not. I am sory to have failed you. But I am proud of you, and I know you will survive this old man's shame. You are strong, and you must remain so. For if you are reading this and I am gone, know that our enemies will never stop searching for us, and that is why I cannot reveal the truth to you until I know there is no chance of them finding us again.

[[Tsutoku Amatatsu|Rokuro Kaijitsu]]
Sunday, 29 Desnus 4867